hey guys ice katene here I know it's
been a long time I've actually uploaded
a video but I've been focusing on like
computer believe me another smell like
$2,000 and I built my own system so I've
been working on I'm planning on like
videoing it showing you guys cuz it's a
pretty epic build but for the video this
is pretty much just using a nexus 4 by
the way this is pretty much just a video
on a you know Nitra nation I have like a
new tune been playing the game for maybe
a few days now nothing special but say
that I should upload it because I've
been winning like everyone like I just
keep winning so I'm figuring or maybe
there are not a lot of really great
tuners out there is yet in Ticino beta
or I'm just still good at it so let me
just get to the tune of that further
adue so this was pretty much bad I took
him at a time but I kind of used the
same methods like in regular drag racing
it's a bit harder in this but yeah you
know the tunes gonna be in the
description so you don't have to worry
about if you miss it here let me go
ahead and do a quick test here you
should get about ten point nine nine ten
point nine nine nine something like that
are you trying to basically stay on the
accelerator
ah there we go so I could be my record
so I basically stand accelerator right
through from the start there then once
it hits perfect you change in a gear too
and just like old times you hit the nos
at the same time so gear to a nos and
you kind of get the shares like perfect
like right I'd be enough perfect let me
go do I'll do a few online races see
what happens that's pretty much it I'll
have the tuna in the description you go
ahead and do some random runs here as I
said for some strange reason I just keep
winning so you know how do you do about
two or three yeah my phone battery's
dying it's like 728 or morning I've been
up all night playing this game like
seriously
I think that's left the right time very
see you got off this one missing that
perfect ships you want to get the
perfect ship like right in the middle
there not really not too late but as I
set up everybody trying to get some way
to uh buy a good car for the next level
I don't know anything about the car so
I'm just winging it you know
oh there's a lot of them I did not teach
at my times in these is oh my god oh my
god okay so I wasn't actually whoa that
beats the out of me but you know
I'm new here it's as I said not the best
of tunes but it'll kill people in
quarter miles so yay and that's about it
I work on the half mile tuna forwards I
get the chance after I get some sleep
and I'll get it uploaded for you guys as
well till then I'm peace out